1) What is Emmet?
Ans:-Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code. By using Emmet, email designers type less, 
     saving both keystrokes and time when building a campaign. 
2) Difference between a Library and Framework?
   
                Library                                                                Framework
   1) Library is size is small compare to framework.                  1)Framework is big size compare to library.
   2)lots of things we need to import.                                2) In framework we don't need to import because in framework all things are inbuild.
   3)It is a collection of helper modules,classes,objects,functions.  3)It comprises of lot of APIs ,compilers,support programs,libraries etc
   4)A library is easy to be replaced with another library.           4)It is difficult to replace frameworks.
   5)Its example are JQuery , React JS , etc.                         5)Its example are AngularJS,Spring,NodeJS,etc.

3) What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans:- CDN is stand for content dilivery network.A CDN is essentially a group of servers that are strategically placed 
      across the globe with the purpose of accelerating the delivery of web content.
                                    It is use because short for content delivery network, is helpful, as it can make thousands of packages available in your application within a second.
      You can think of CDN links as an excellent way to quickly set up a JavaScript environment with top-level React API.

4)Why is React known as React?
Ans:- we know react because react is very fast javascript library compare to another library or franework. using react we we can create wen and mobile based application.
      react support lots of library so we can customizes as per client requirements.it is so fast because it is based on functional based approach.
      Main buity of react is code reusebilities. we don't need to write code again and again for same funcanalities.

5)What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans:-The crossorigin attribute is a CORS settings attribute. It controls, for scripts that are obtained from other origins, whether error information will be exposed. 
     This is how we have successfully used crossorigin attribute it in a script tag

6)What is diference between React and ReactDOM
Ans:-The ReactDOM module exposes DOM-specific methods, while React has the core tools intended to be shared by React on
      different platforms (e.g. React Native). React: React is a javascript library, designed for building
      better user interfaces. React-DOM: React-DOM is a complimentary library to React which glues React to the browser DOM

7)What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans:-react.development.js is in readable format code to easily readable for developers. while in react.production.js
     is in minified version and size of file is very less.

8)What is async and defer?
Ans:-Both async and defer are boolean attributes. Their usage is similar: if you specify both, async takes precedence on modern browsers, 
     while older browsers that support defer but not async will fallback to defer.




