01)What is `NPM`?
Ans>npm stands for Node Package Manager. It’s a library and registry for JavaScript software packages.
    npm also has command-line tools to help you install the different packages and manage their dependencies.using npm we can install lots of dependency.

02)What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Ans>Parcel and webpack are the bundlers used mostly for JavaScript or Typescript code that helps you to minify,
   clean, and make your code compact so that it becomes easier to send a request or receive the response from the server when it usually takes you to transfer multiple files without using
    any bundler for loading the page of your application.

03)What is `.parcel-cache`?
Ans>The.cache folder (or.parcel-cache in parcel v2) stores information about your project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds,
   it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch. It's a key reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode.

04) What is `npx` ?
Ans>The npx stands for Node Package Execute and it comes with the npm, when you installed npm above 5.2.0 version then automatically npx will be installed.
    By default, it first checks if the package that is to be executed exists in the path. If it does, it executes it. 
    Else, means that the package has not been installed, so npx installs its latest version and then executes it.

05)What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`?
Ans>The difference between these two, is that devDependencies are modules which are only required during development, while dependencies are modules which are also required at runtime. 
    To save a dependency as a devDependency on installation we need to do an npm install --save-dev, instead of just an npm install --save.

06)What is Tree Shaking?
Ans>When Javascript applications get to a certain size, it’s helpful to separate the code into modules. However, when we do so, we can end up with code imported that isn’t actually used. 
   Tree shaking is a method of optimising our code bundles by eliminating any code from the final file that isn’t actually being used.

07)What is Hot Module Replacement?
Ans)Hot Module Replacement (or HMR) is one of the most useful features offered by webpack. It allows all kinds of modules to be updated at runtime without the need for a full refresh.
    This page focuses on implementation while the concepts page gives more details on how it works and why it's useful.

08)List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
Ans> Parcel gives server port bydefault 3000. Parcel tell why error is comming with folder name,parcel is cleaning our code.After saving the file automatically reload the project.

09)What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
Ans>gitignore is an auto-generated file inside the project folder that ignores/prevents files to get committed to the local and remote repositories.

10)What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json?
Ans>                         package.json	                                                           package-lock.json
       The package.json file has the metadata of the project.	                         The package-lock.json file stores the exact version of dependencies.
       The project's basic information, such as package name,                         
       version, description, author, dependencies, etc., are present in package.json.	 Dependencies and their locked versions are there in the package-lock.json file.
       The npm init command generates the package.json file.	                         The package-lock.json file is generated when you install a package to your project.

11) Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Ans>Make sure you don’t change package-lock.json directly. That’s being handled automatically by NPM. It reflects changes made to package.json to package-lock.json and keeps it up to date.

12)What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
Ans>The node_modules directory is one of the crucial parts of any node or React project, but it shouldn't be tracked by the version control system (git) due to its large size. 
    The right approach is to track the package.json file, and use the npm tool to regenerate node_modules.

13)What is the `dist` folder?
Ans>The dist folder, short for distribution folder. It is dynamically generated when using the nuxt generate command and includes the generated 
    production ready HTML files and assets that are necessary to deploy and run your statically generated Nuxt.

14)What is `browserlists?
Ans>What is Browserslist? Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file. 
   It's used by frameworks/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them

